this is water des cours new faucet with
click to core technology this
revolutionary new click decor technology
allows you to change the style of your
faucet in minutes it is also perfect for
large hospitality projects with planned
remodels your click decor faucet arise
completely preassembled here is a spout
with quick-connect hoses here is a
handle assembly with handle and your
hose and here is the other handle
assembly with handle and hose what the
handle assemblies come with German
ceramic cartridges that are covered by a
lifetime warranty
once you have secure your spelt and
handle assemblies the last step is to
install your Quick Connect hoses our
fossa has now been installed now I have
changed my mind about this faucet so I
will change my faucet first we'll lift
off the first handle simply lift and
twist I can do I can also do a thorough
cleaning if the need arises now the
second handle simply lift and twist wipe
it all before we remove the spout make
sure remove the pop-up rod now we'll go
ahead and remove the spout simply lift
twist and click right off now you can
see it our lifetime valve just go ahead
and wipe the sink off and now I'm ready
to install my new faucet first we will
install the spout simply dropped click
and twist
and the handle will just go ahead and
twist and click and lastly our next
handle twist and click now we'll go
ahead and put the pop-up fraud in place
and there you have it we've gone from a
contemporary faucet to a traditional
faucet in just a few clicks
you